# Meeting Note for 05/03/2021
### Type of Meeting: sprint planning
### Attendance: Lars is absent due to schedule conflict
### time: 5pm-6pm(Pacific)
### Agenda
- Do we want custom issue templates or new tags? How do we want to organize the story board? Discuss project organization
- QE setup automation (front end use w3 verifier for html, verify style guidlines for js?, require approvals on PRs, automate storyboard, etc.)
- Backend (layout table structure, rest api)
- Frontend (basic html skeleton for all pages)
- Go into breakout rooms for each team (qe in their own room?); begin planning the stories for this sprint
- Reconvene and assign sprints (I'll move them into GitHub projects later today)

### Decisions Made
1. Enthan writes a statement of pupose.
2. subteams need to schedule their own meeting and do the MVP stuff for the first week, which refers to that fontend do html skeleton, backend focus on data structure, features corresponding to frontend features.
3. planning stories for the sprint. link is here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TcA911VSJuCIjcuBycML_YcqimWgbk1WTxoy_Zg4IEg/edit?pli=1
4. plan for 5/4 check meeting.
5. plan to write an ADR. (Ethan handles)
